---
title: 'The Irresponsible Inheritor'
date: '2021-01-02'
---


America is at its breaking point and anything less than a principled moral juggernaut as President will do more harm than good. Donald is not your man for one simple reason: any value you wish to create must be brought into existence by an equal virtue. The rebuilding of this country will take the work of a moral Titan and Trump is as unprincipled a man as was ever made. Not only will his lack of a principled moral framework never lead to the recreation of a country based on moral laws, he will bring about a-morality far faster than his opponents. The only answer is to support none who are not of equal character to our founding fathers. 


As evidence of his total lack of principles and any sense of morality I will point to his passing not just this latest 2 Trillion dollar spending package but also all of the other ones he's passed as well as his tax cuts. While Trump does not create bills he does have the power to veto them, a power he’s used less than any modern President. He has instead decided to simultaneously lower the tax rate and increase the deficit spending of our government. That is to say that he is selling our children into slavery, stealing from our bank acounts and driving down our wages. This is all before the pandemic, a period of his presidency that is damning in itself and yet sane and restrained compared to his spending later in his term. This all has come from a man who talked about getting the deficit under control when he was a candidate and who has the support of many people who had called themselves the “Tea Party”. Either the deficit was not something he cared about (he was lying) or he did care at the time and simply stopped caring when it was against his personal interests (he is capricious). 


In any compromise between good and evil, only evil can profit. This is true and even more important in a candidate or political leader. When Mr. Obama decided to bail businesses out in 2008 an entire political movement was conjured to resist his 800 billion dollar package that was rammed down the public’s throat. When Trump touts multiple bills numbering in the TRILLIONS each where is the opposition? Nowhere to be found. They exist certainly, but they censor themselves so as not to hurt the candidate who gives a great song and dance about fighting for them. This is the true danger of allowing yourself to become a “{anyone}  supporter” and it is a flaw that gave Trump free reign to destroy our nation. That is not to say that he wants to destroy America, just that he has been handed control of a value he is not equal to and cannot understand while at the same time he was not held to account by the very people who should have, by every precedent, been screaming the loudest.


The founding of this country would have been impossible if it had been set about by any creature less than the political and ethical philosophers we know as the Founding Fathers; for evidence simply look at every other revolution in the history of the world. Only one has ever taken its people from a state of tyranny to a state of freedom. This act of creation was only possible due to the truth of the ideals that were followed by our Founding Fathers and put to paper in the Declaration of Independence. Think of Jefferson, think of Franklin, think of Paine, think of Madison. If Trump were alive at the time do you think he could stand knee high to the likes of these men? Is it your honest opinion that he could equal any of their achievements or stand for even a one hour debate against them? If you are honest you will answer that he could not. Next to the men that were actually capable of making and keeping the value that was America Trump is shown to be what he really is: a petty imbecile. Trump is simply not a solution to any problem since the recreation of America will require nothing less than what our Founding Fathers brought to the table.


Continuing to allow a lesser man to control this political machine he cannot understand and cannot equal is to resign ourselves to the destruction of our nation. The only path remaining for our nation is to seek out those that might be able to equal our founding fathers, default to a lesser option is suicide. The test in our own minds for those men is to measure them against our Founding Fathers and to choose nothing less than their equals. If no man can fit the measure then it is better to vote for an opposing candidate or not to vote at all.